Add supported backends docs under guides (#4)
kubestash/docs: docs/guides/volume-populator/overview/index.md

---
title: Volume Populator Overview | KubeStash
description: An overview of how Volume Populator works in KubeStash
menu:
  docs_{{ .version }}:
    identifier: volume-populator-overview
    name: How Volume Populator works?
    parent: volume-populator
    weight: 10
product_name: kubestash
menu_name: docs_{{ .version }}
section_menu_id: guides
---

# Populate Volume Using KubeStash

> This guide will give you an overview of how volume populator process works in KubeStash.

Reviewer: This guide will give an overview of how KubeStash populates a user-provided Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) with data sourced from a KubeStash Snapshot.

## How Volume Populator Process Works?

The following diagram shows how KubeStash restores backup data into a specific volume and attaching it to user-provided Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) for usage of various workload applications.

> 

Reviewer: The following diagram shows how KubeStash populate a Persistent Volume Claim with data sourced from a KubeStash Snapshot.

<figure align="center">
  <img alt="KubeStash Volume Populator Process Flow" src="/docs/guides/volume-populator/overview/images/volume-populator-overview.svg">
<figcaption align="center">Fig: Volume Populating Process in KubeStash</figcaption>
</figure>

> The `Volume Populator` process consists of the following steps:
> 
> 1. At first, a user creates a `workload` application that may mount a single or multiple `PVCs`. 
> 
> 2. KubeStash operator watches for `PVCs`. 
> 
> 3. When the operator finds a `PVC` with `spec.dataSourceRef` set and refers our `snapshot` object, it starts populating this `PVC` volume by creating a volume populator `Job` that mounts a temporary `PVC`.
> 
> 4. Then the populator `Job` reads restore data information from this `snapshot` object and restore data into this temporary `PVC` .
> 
> 5. Once the restoration process is complete, the KubeStash operator deletes this populator `Job` and temporary `PVC`, and binds the `PV` containing the restored data with our desired `PVC`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Volume Populator` process consists of the following steps:

1. KubeStash operator watches for `PVCs`. 

2. When the operator finds a `PVC` with `spec.dataSourceRef` set and refers to a KubeStash `Snapshot` object, it starts populating this `PVC` by creating a volume populator `Job` that mounts a temporary `PVC`.

3. Then the populator Job restores the referred `Snapshot` into this temporary PVC.

4. Once the restoration process is complete, the KubeStash operator deletes this populator `Job` and temporary `PVC`, and binds the `PV` containing the restored data with the desired `PVC`.

```
